Add generic and ML model service aliases and remove /operate/reference/services/vision/ (#3847)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/tools/cli.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Command option | Description | Positional arguments |
| -------------- | ----------- | -------------------- |

> | `export tabular` | Export tabular or sensor data to a specified location in the <file>.ndjson</file> output format. Downloads as two directories, first as <file><destination>/data</file>, which would contain the file or files and second as <file><destination>/metadata</file>, which has the metadata documents related to the files. You can copy this from the UI with a filter. See [Copy `export` command](#copy-export-command). | - |

Author: intentional, wanted to bundle in quick fixup adding info katie sent over about how export tabular data works since we had ai question

> | `export tabular` | Export tabular or sensor data to a specified location in the <file>.ndjson</file> output format. Downloads as two directories, first as <file><destination>/data</file>, which would contain the file or files and second as <file><destination>/metadata</file>, which has the metadata documents related to the files. You can copy this from the UI with a filter. See [Copy `export` command](#copy-export-command). | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `export tabular` | Export tabular or sensor data to a specified location in the <file>.ndjson</file> output format. Downloads as two directories, first as <file><destination>/data</file>, which contains the file or files and second as <file><destination>/metadata</file>, which has the metadata documents related to the files. You can copy this from the UI with a filter. See [Copy `export` command](#copy-export-command). | - |
```
consistency nit
